Good morning, family. How are
you
doing today? Praise the Lord.
We are going to do some things in the
spirit realm today. We're going
to take some territory. We're not going
to allow the devil to come in and rob us
of the House of Representatives.
You can obviously see
what they're trying to do. I told
you all to pray over Nevada and Arizona
already and the metal buildings and all
the things that I warned you about
already by the Spirit of God and
what the Lord showed me they were going
to try to do. Now they're trying
to delay it all the time, trying to say,
'Oh, well, you know, we have to have more
time.'Folks,
it's corruption. You
know it, and I know it. So, we're going
to take authority.
Thank you to all the people praying for
me about the cough. I got
these Thieves cough drops, and
I'm telling you they are really helping.
I give God glory for the things He put
in this earth to help us.
Those Thieves are really helping me. My
wife got those for me, and I'm very
thankful. To all the people who have
been praying and giving me remedies and
everything, thank you for your
compassion and your love for us. It
really blesses me.
My wife tells me
every day, 'You've had a lot of people
today.'Yesterday,
probably a
hundred
people or so reached out
to
give me something for the cough.
It's just a virus and it
has
no right to stay in my body.
I'm healed by His stripes and I
come against it. I just want you all
to know we appreciate you. There are a lot
of loving people. We're
going to take communion and we're going
to believe God together today for a
supernatural turnaround in the House of
Representatives that this stops now.
That the corruption stops.
We're going to believe God for our
healings today. I believe with all my
heart
that Jesus Christ is the healer. I have it
upside down; I put a sweatshirt on here.
Jesus the Healer. That's what we believe
in this household. I hope you believe it
for your household because He is a
healer. He is the healer. He's the same
yesterday, today, and forever, ladies
and gentlemen. He is healing the
sick today, just like He did 2,000 years
ago. We just have to believe. I told you
all the experience I had with the Lord
at His crucifixion and Him talking
to me about being healed.
I
believe with all my heart. I don't doubt
in my heart about anything. I
believe by faith that I call those
things that be not as though they were.
We call ourselves healed, whole, and
well
as we grow our faith and get in the
Word more
because we know the truth and the truth
has set us free. It will be in every
area of your life. If you
have a foundation of the Word of God
inside of you, no matter what your
circumstance, it will change your
circumstances. I believe that Jesus
Christ is the healer. I believe it
with all my heart in every area. No
matter what, I'm not moved by what I
see. As I'm overcoming
this cough, I'm not moved by what I see.
I'm not moved by what I feel:
congestion. I'm not moved by what
the devil tries to throw at me. I'm
moved by what the Word says. It's
foundation. He said in His Word,
regardless of the cough, regardless of
congestion or whatever,
'By His stripes, I am healed.'That
is
foundation, and that
settles it. I'm not moved by
what the circumstances say. If you're
moved by what your flesh is telling you
every single day, you're going to be
moved by the circumstances. But you
have
to have your foot and your
foundation planted on the Word of God
and say, 'This
flesh is not moving me. I see what the
Bible says and I believe what the Bible
says regardless of my
circumstances.'It's
foundation. That's why
I tell you, you may be hurting
financially. I take a financial seed.
Every time we have a
need, we sow a seed. People don't
understand that, but I believe in seed
faith. I believe if you have a need,
just like a farmer, you go out and you
plant the seed. That's what we do.
We'll go out and say, 'Okay, well, we'll
put a $100 here or whatever.'We
sow
that $100 and believe by faith that
God's going to provide through
supernatural income, that He'll give us
an idea or He'll anoint us to do
something. He'll give us favor. The Lord
gives you favor. I believe
a day of favor is worth more than a
thousand days of working hard. All you
need is a day of favor and the hand of
the Lord moving favor in your life in
every area if you just believe Him for
it. But it takes you stepping out of the
boat and walking on the water with Him for Him
to come
through. A lot of
times it takes sacrificial things. He
wants to see, 'How important
am I to you? Do
you have a hunger for me?
Is it just lip
service?'A
lot of times we say a lot, but
do we do what He asks
us to do in His Word? Do we obey Him? Do
we witness to our brother? Do we pray
for him? Do we show the love of
God to people when they're mean to
us? Regardless of how they treat us,
we're to operate in love.
A lot of times that's not easy
because
our flesh gets all upset because we
want to just say something
bad back to them or do
something stupid. You get off in the
flesh and the devil gets a hold of
you. That's where you have to stay in
the law of love. Love takes no
account of a suffered wrong. That's
right. I have to practice
it too. Every day I have to
practice
in the comment section. My son tells me
somebody says something mean, and I say, 'Oh,
we just love them.'We're not going to
be moved by that. It's not them; they
have a devil. They've got
some kind of demonic spirit bothering
them and that's why they
retaliate the way they do. That's
what you have to do. If somebody
talks
to you bad at work,
at the store,
or
cuts you off driving down the road and
you want to give them the California
wave,
you cannot allow yourself to yield
over into the darkness. You
have to say, 'Hey, I choose today to
walk in love toward my wife, my
children, and anybody who might
try to tip my mood. I'm going to walk in
love. I'm going to walk in love because
faith works by love. If you're not
walking in love and you don't see
your faith producing something, if you
don't see results in your faith every
single day, you have to say, 'Where's my
love
walk?'because
faith works by love
because God is love.
If you're not having faith
move your mountain in your area
for healing or demonstrations and
manifestations of the glory—if you're
not experiencing the fresh presence of
the Lord every day in your life—you've got
to check your love walk. How am I
treating others around me? Because God
is love, ladies and gentlemen. He dwells
in us and we dwell in Him. He
is
in us, and
I am
seated with Him in the heavenlies.
If
you're in strife all the time,
check your love walk. Check your love
walk concerning your finances. Check
your fear level. Check your
sowing
level, how you're giving and believing
every day for what you're
wanting the Lord to be a part of your
finances.
When you sow a seed, God will make
you
reap. For every seed you sow, I
believe some thirty,
sixty,
or a
hundred-fold.
I believe that you can
sow
specifically for what you're
believing for. You say, 'Well, I'm
believing for a new car.'Well, where's
your new car seed? So I sow
for
a new car to be paid for,
or
whatever. I take the seed of $100 and I
say, 'I sow this seed, Father, in a direction
toward what I'm believing for.'I'm believing, Father, for a
creative idea to pay off the car. I'm
believing for a creative idea, maybe
I sow
$10 for our electric bill.
Whatever. You know what I'm saying? I'm
just trying to help y'all. You take
that seed and you believe for what
you're sow towards, what
you're believing for, and write the
vision down.
Take what you're believing for. I
write down, 'Father, we're believing for
a new house, a new
car, for
all these things, Father—new tires or
whatever.'You
know, God knows what you
need.
He said he shall supply all your needs
according to his riches in glory by
Christ Jesus. That's why I believe in
the tithe. That's why I believe we have
tither's rights. When you tithe, he said
he rebukes the devourer for your sake.
That's what the Lord said. And you say,
'Well, tithe is not for
today.'But
giving is, because he said, 'If
you give, I'll give back to you: good
measure, pressed down, shaken together, and
running over shall men give into
your bosom.'I
believe that scripture is
still in play. You say, 'Well, I don't
believe in tithing.'I do.
I believe in honoring the Father with my
first fruits.
You can't go wrong with trying to bless
the Lord. Ladies and gentlemen, people
try to get off on, 'Well, this is
old covenant, new covenant.'I just
say God knows my heart and he knows
what I'm trying to do.
He said every seed produces after its
own kind.
That's Bible.
You'll reap what you sow. But it's not
some thirty, some sixty. A farmer
doesn't
plant one seed in the ground to get one
fruit back, one little corn back. He
wants to get a bumper harvest.
So, you've got to stretch your faith out
there that God's going to anoint your
mind to give you the ability to get
what you need, whatever it may be.
Because there are some of you really
struggling.
And I believe with all my heart, he'll
give you a creative idea to do something
in your life—a business, something good
to put your hand to—so that you're not
working for nothing. He doesn't want you
working hard for nothing,
being
out there every single
day struggling, working for minimum wage
and going, 'Man, how are we going
to make our bills today?'He's out there
saying, 'I have cattle on a
thousand hills.
I have streets paved in gold.
I've got a mansion for you when you come
home.'You
say, 'Well, I don't want any
of that over here because it might ruin
me.'You
better work on your character
then, because I'm telling you, God wants
you to have exceedingly, abundantly above
all that you dare ask or think. That
scripture—not
barely getting by, living in
Lo-debar,
busted and disgusted. 'How am I
going to make it every single
day?'We
have to
buy the off-brand of everything because
we can't even afford the good brand. And
a lot of that is just
like a couple of dollars more. And you
think, 'Well, we can't do it. We've got to
buy the
off-brand.'Thank
God we have the off-brand.
But I'm saying God wants you to have
exceedingly, abundantly above all that
you dare ask or think, ladies and
gentlemen. And I believe with all my
heart, we're the King's kids,
seated with him in
the heavenlies. He
doesn't
want us living on food stamps. Thank God
for food stamps. For some governments
that have it, some people don't. Thank
God. I lived on them for a long time,
and I'm thankful for the government
help they had
because we needed it bad.
But the Lord doesn't want you
to live there is what I'm trying to say.
And how do you get out of that? A dollar
seed. If you have to just start with a
dollar, a quarter, whatever. The Lord
meets you where you're at
and you sow to a ministry that's feeding
you and you give to people that are
feeding you spiritually. That's what I
believe. And I'm telling you, if they're
good ground—now, make sure they're good
ground. If they're not good ground, do
not give there. I'm just being
real with y'all. I sowed to a lot of bad
ground. And you go, 'Man, what
is the deal?'And you keep sow there.
What does it say?
To keep doing the same thing
expecting a different result is
insanity. That's exactly what Christians
do a lot of times. It
sounds really harsh, but there's some
ground—these
people, they could be
really corrupt in their ministry and you
don't even know it. They're out
doing bad things with the money and
you're like, 'Man, I'm never
getting anything back.'You've got to
believe God for good ground and ask
him, 'Lord, show me where to plant my
seed that I reap back some thirty, some sixty,
100-fold.'I
don't want to sow in bad
ground. And I've told you all, I
know there's ministries out there
where
the husbands will be
cheating on their wives and
everything. You don't know it for years
and then all of a sudden you'll go,
'Well, that makes a lot of
sense,'because
the Lord will expose it
finally. Follow your peace in your
giving.
Follow the peace that passes all
understanding in your giving every day.
Whenever you do something, no matter if
it's just a quarter, follow your peace.
And if you feel a check about something
and you feel bothered about something,
run! Because the Holy Spirit's trying to
guide you into truth
and to show you about them. If they
teach you the word of
God—if
the pastor teaches you and your faith is getting
fed
and you're getting blessed
spiritually—they're
covering you
spiritually—sow
and help them.
Your pastor that's
taking care of you, they
clean your nose, they pray for you when
you're sick, they watch out
for you. Seriously, they take
care of your kids in the nursery and the
nursery workers are back there feeding
them goldfish.
It takes money to do all that, ladies
and gentlemen. You've got to bless the
people that are helping you
in your church, in your God, in
your family. And if you don't like your
church, find another one. Find a church
that will teach you the
word of God. You say, 'Well, I don't
have one in my area.'Well, find
something online on the
weekdays to listen to. You've got to be
feeding your spirit every day. You
cannot go a day without feeding your
spirit. If your flesh eats
three times a day, you've got to
find
something to pour into your
spirit throughout the day
because we get weary in
well-doing.
You get tired. Your flesh gets
in control and your spirit's over there
going, 'Man, I'm starving and you
haven't fed me in a week. You fed me
last Sunday, but you haven't fed me
since.'Your
spirit man should be like Arnold
Schwarzenegger, with big muscles,
ready to kick the devil's butt.
Because the devil comes to kill,
steal, and destroy, ladies and gentlemen.
And he's only able to
kill, steal, and destroy the ones that are
weak spiritually,
lukewarm, weak spiritual babies.
You've
got
to have that backbone like a
crowbar that's able to say, 'No! When you
come against me, sucker, you're going to
get a fistful
of knuckles!'I
believe with
all my heart that Jesus gave us the
power and authority to tread on him, but
you're not going to tread on him if
you don't have a spiritual
backbone.
So,
I don't know who that was for, but
I'm supposed to pray.
It just comes out.
When you're full and you squeeze
a sponge,
it flows out regardless of what's
in that sponge. It comes out.
Bad stuff comes out of people when you
touch them because out of the abundant
overflow of the heart, the man speaks.
And that's what happens
when I get on these
videos. I just start
flowing.
I say, "Okay, Lord,
back to communion."Father, I thank You
for the body that was broken for us.
I thank You, Father, that You died for
us. We take this body in the name of
Jesus.
And I thank You, Lord, for my—that cough
is gone. It's gone. And I thank You for
Thieves. I thank You, Father, for all
the things that You provide for us in
this earth with oregano,
garlic, and all the things
that You provide for us, Father. Cayenne
peppers and everything, Lord. You took
it all and You made it for us. You are
so good to us. Lord, You could have just
brought us down in the earth and gave us
one bland thing to eat,
manna,
and said, "This is what you're going to
eat every
day."But
You didn't. You gave us apples and
oranges and all kinds of things, Father;
things and Vitamin C. You knew
everything that we would need before we
knew we would even need it, and You
provided it in the earth. You gave it to
us, Father, and You are such a good God.
And we want to tell You thank you today
for all that You've done for us. Thank
You, Lord, today for Your provision for
our households, that we don't have to
struggle. You tell me all the time,
"Brandon, I don't want you struggling. I
want you to believe Me for big."And so,
Father, we believe for big today. We
believe for the impossible in finances
and everything, and for our bodies that
seem
impossible. I believe, Father,
that there are people out there being
healed of diabetes today. There are people
out there being healed as they take this
communion. We have a covenant with You
that You said in Your word, Lord, that
by Your stripes, we're healed.
Thank You, Father, for all that You've
done for us. And we take this body.
We take this body in the name of Jesus.
Now, Lord, we thank You for the blood.
When we apply the blood
over our sins—and You said if we
make much of the blood... I've heard Him
say, "If you make much of the blood, the
blood will make much of you"—and we take
this blood right now and we thank You,
Father, that we are washed in the blood.
We thank You, Lord, that we're healed and
whole and well. We thank You, Lord, that
we're delivered. Thank You, Lord, that no
weapon formed against us will prosper.
Every tongue that rises against us, Lord,
we condemn it. We will not have those
words bear fruit in our life.
Every word curse, every witchcraft
spell, voodoo, incantations,
chants,
whatever they try to throw
at us, Father, we plead the blood of Jesus
against it and it will not bear fruit on
us. Thank You, Father, that it goes back
on them double and they will repent and
change what they're doing.
Father, I thank You, Lord, in the name
of Jesus that we are too blessed to be
cursed.
We're too blessed to be cursed, Lord,
because You said, "I've blessed
you."And
I thank You that no man will curse
us.
We plead the blood of Jesus Christ over
us, Father—over my children, over my
wife, over my finances, over my dogs,
over all that You've given us. Father,
You've been such a good God over our
car. When we travel down the
road, Father, our homes. No
calamity, no robbery, no nothing comes.
We cover our home in the blood.
And we thank You, Lord, that the blood
of Jesus Christ covers us. And we plead
the blood of Jesus over our flesh. And
we plead the blood of Jesus over our
minds and over our mental and our
emotions. We plead the blood of Jesus
over us today, Father. And we thank You,
Lord, for the blood. And I apply the
blood over me in
Jesus'name.
Thank You, Father. You have been so good
to us.
So that's what we're going to do. We
are
going now to worship Him because He
is good and His mercy endures forever.
Thank You, Father, for communion.
Thank You, Father, for what You did on the
cross for us. Thank You, Lord, that You
provide for all our needs. Thank You,
Lord, that You take care of us. Thank
You, Lord, that everything that You've
told us to do in the ministry,
everything that You've told us to do in
this YouTube channel and everything
we do, Father, that it's being a
blessing to the people.
Thank You, Father, that they will get
something and their lives
will change from glory to glory. Father,
I thank You that their lives will
change and they'll never be the
same, for the word of God
is a pillar in their life and it
will never return to us void.
We will be able to stand on the
word because the word works if you work
it.
I believe it,
Lord. Now, Lord, we pray over the Senate
and the House.
We thank You, Lord, that we have
the Senate.
Thank You, Father. Thank You that we
have the presidency.
Those two things right there, Lord, are
huge from where we were.
But, Father, I thank You that the
corruption from the House and what
they're trying to do right now... You said
that if the enemy be found, he has
to pay you back sevenfold. What the
devil stole? Double.
We're calling forth our seats to grow in
the House of Representatives.
And Father, I thank You, Lord.
I thank You, Father, that You're
rebuking the devourer for our state
concerning America. We're givers, Lord.
We're givers in America. They give our
money—and
we don't even want them to
give it, a lot of it. We're in debt
because they're giving our money all away
throughout the world, Lord. So, we
have seed in the ground.
I have seed in the ground concerning the
government. They take my taxes. So, we
give our taxes over there. And Father, I
thank You, Lord, that we have authority
in our government because we sowed in it.
And I thank You, Father, that You said
that we could ask anything and You'd do
it according to Your will, according to
Your word. And I thank You, Father, that
You said to pray for our
leaders, to pray for our
people that are over us.
And Father, we want people that are
godly over us. So, I thank You, Lord,
that You're moving the mountain in
the Senate right now that they're trying
to do corruption. And I thank You, Lord,
that all hidden things be revealed and
that this vote is done now,
that we do not have any more delay
concerning the House of Representatives.
We bind you, Satan, in the name of
Jesus.
We command you to release this vote in
Jesus'name.
Let it go.
And we thank You, Father, that the
angels of the Lord are manifesting and
making war against the demonic spirits
that are causing this.
We thank You, Lord, that we have results
today, that this would be called today.
I saw a 4-day window
clear up until Saturday,
even praying for Kari Lake. Remember I
told you all I
saw—he
said pray for the election and three
or four
days afterwards you cannot let up off
the gas. This is exactly what he was
saying.
So today is Thursday. So we've
got Friday that we pray for and we've
got Saturday concerning this because the
Lord warned me the days after, going
clear up into the weekend. We're
not letting up off this. So
we are expecting results today,
folks. Well, we've got to believe, for faith
calls those things that be not as though
they were. And we call it now. Now,
faith is. So, we're believing now
for a turnaround concerning the House.
We're calling a turnaround right now
that all hidden ballots, the things that
they're trying to destroy, burning
ballots, whatever it may be—Father, we
thank You, Lord,
that the enemy
be found. And we call this done now in
Jesus'name.
You will not hold this back
anymore in Jesus'name. And we plead the
blood of Jesus Christ over this
circumstance.
Now, Father, we thank You, Lord, that
You're moving in our behalf today.
We thank You, Father, that there
are
hearts that are being fixed. Well,
whoever it is, Father, that's holding
back this and
hindering the blessing of the
House of Representatives, I thank You, Lord,
that the thief has been found. And I
command you in the name of Jesus to let
it go.
Lord, we give You praise, glory, and
honor, Father, that we consider it done.
We're not worried,
but
we will not allow it to be stolen. You
will not steal the election from us.
We plead the blood of Jesus Christ over
us. And we thank You, Lord, for Your
hand on this house—for our House of
Representatives.
We thank You, Lord,
for the Senate, and we thank You, Lord,
that it grows even more.
Now, Lord, we thank You for President
Trump, and we thank You, Lord, that he's
putting godly people in place. We continue to
lift him up for supernatural wisdom
concerning his cabinet. And Lord, we
thank You that he will put the right
people around him, Father,
who
are godly and do not think
reprobate. They want to
steer the country in a godly manner.
And Father, I thank You, Lord, that he
will find the right people by the Spirit
of the Lord, putting people of character
around him—not people who are
backbiting, have a bad agenda, or
are
backstabbing him.
Father, I thank
You, Lord, that he would put people
who
are solid and love this nation all
around him in Jesus'name.
I pray
that he would have amazing people; this
would be the best cabinet and the best
staff, with no fighting or bickering among
them. Father, they would have the
peace to get the job done that
needs to be done. And we will see a
quick work and a quick turnaround from
what the devil tried to do for the last
four years plus. Father, I thank You,
Lord, that we will have a turnaround.
And Father, I'm believing even for the
finances that we will never
see a major crash like the 1930s,
Lord. Lord, we don't want it. I thank
You, Lord, that You shake the American
people somehow. Regarding the finances,
Lord, I understand what I've seen and I
know what You've told me was coming. But
Lord, if there just be fifty righteous,
would You spare that?
Lord, I don't want to see
people standing in food lines for miles
long, unable to get
food for their kids because of what's
going on in our government.
Lord, we have a lot of seed out there.
We've sowed to a lot of people that
didn't have it, and even corrupt seed.
Father, there's a lot of
seed—billions
and billions of dollars helping
Israel, Your people.
We've helped Ukraine.
We've done a lot, Lord; we've given a
lot of money out of our country. So,
Father, I thank You, Lord, that
President Trump can turn it on a dime.
Father, the seeds we sow will reap
back 30, 60, and 100-fold.
Even as a nation, You said that as
long as the earth remains,
seedtime
and harvest will always exist.
So, Father, I thank You, Lord, that we
bless Your people, Israel,
whom
President Trump loves. He loves
the Israelis; he loves the Jews.
And I thank You, Lord, that he's a man
who
stands with Israel,
a man who stands out for
protecting and helping Israel. And I
thank You, Lord, that You said,
'Those that bless you, I will bless,
and those that curse you, I will
curse.'So
we pray for the peace of Jerusalem
today. We pray, Father, for Benjamin
Netanyahu and over his cabinet;
that
they
would not hurt innocent lives but they
would keep getting the bad guys.
I thank You, Father, that they would get
the terrorists out of the way and they
would get rid of the Ayatollah
and Khamenei,
the people in Iran. We thank
You, Lord, that they would expose the
darkness from the people
who
are trying to murder and hurt people.
Father, they call us 'the
Great
Satan,'and
Lord, they're deceived because they
worship a false god.
I thank You, Father, that You're turning
this around in the name of Jesus
concerning America.
Father, we have one last push, one
last call. I thank You, Lord,
that this plague that I've seen coming
will not affect us. Lord, I know You
said in Your word that
there will
be plagues and pestilences and
things that have to happen
before You return. But Lord, it doesn't
have to affect the body of Christ.
I believe with all my heart we have a
covenant and that You said we are
seated with You. So,
Father, there's no sickness in
heaven, so we don't have it on us here
on this earth. We believe, Father, that
we get the foundation of the word of God
inside of us so strong that when
all there is to do, we stand.
Therefore, we are not moved by what we
see,
even when they try to do what they did with
COVID.
We believe, Father, that we rise up in the
name of Jesus, and great and mighty works
will we do in these last days. Father, I
plead the blood over us that
there will be no attack on us with
anything
biological.
We will rise up and take our authority,
and the body of Christ will come
out smelling like flowers because You're
a part of us, Father.
We thank You, Lord, for a
supernatural covering concerning
America. Father, I
thank You
that we have a chance to turn
this boat around—that Trump is able to
do it. We know he's not the
savior of the world; he's just a man
who's
been appointed by You.
I thank You, Father, that You
anoint him and You keep him, that
Your face smiles upon him and gives him
peace today.
I pray over his marriage
and
over his children, that they're all
protected and that no assassination
attempts will come nigh him. Father, I
put angels around him from the north,
the south, the east, and the west. He has
the best Secret Service that ever could
be because he has the great Lord Jesus
watching over him.
I thank You, Father, according to
Psalm
91, that a thousand shall
fall at his side and ten thousand at his right
hand, but nothing shall come nigh him. I
thank You, Father, that it's the same for
us—that
my wife and my children, all of us,
Father—that
a thousand shall fall at our
side and 10,000 at our right hand, but it
will not come nigh us
or
anybody represented here. And so, Father,
we give You glory, honor, and praise for
the protection over our lands. Father, we
pray over Asia and we
believe for a turnaround in their
governments.
They have a lot of
corrupt people; they're communists. I
thank You, Father, that they will have
more freedom and a move of the Spirit of the Lord over their nations. Whether it be in China, Japan, or South Korea, Father, I thank You for all of it. For Vietnam,
there is a supernatural move of the presence of the Lord on these nations over the whole continent of Asia. I believe, Father, for a supernatural turnaround in the spirit realm,
that they will have a
major move of God and
that
the Buddhists will turn to
Jesus.
Father, I thank You. I thank
You, Lord, that the Muslims will turn to
Jesus.
All false religions will turn to Jesus.
We believe, Father, that this is the
greatest hour, the greatest
move that You're ever going to do on
this earth, and we're in it
right now.
We believe, Father, for a
supernatural turn of events in Africa
for the power grid. People are asking to
pray over their power grid
and
for
more water.
There's drought in areas. Father,
I thank You, Lord.
As the believers rise up, we call
forth rain over our areas. We speak
to drought and we say, 'Drought, go now in
Jesus'name.'And
we call in rain from
the north, the south, the east, and the
west. Rain, come forth. We have authority
over the earth, and we say, "Drought, go."And
we thank
you, Lord,
for rain—for
supernatural rain, Father.
Rain in the natural and rain in the
spiritual.
So, Father, we thank you, Lord, for it. We
give you praise and glory and honor for
all that you've done and all that you're
going to do for a major
revival in the Latino community. There
are a lot of them that came out and
voted right in counties that never have
been voting the way they did. Father,
we bless our brothers and sisters, the
Latinos and the Hispanic community.
We thank you, Lord, they rose
up and they voted right. Thank you,
Lord, for a blessing on
their families,
a blessing on their households, Father,
that they don't struggle financially. And
throughout
Mexico,
Father, their government is not corrupt.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for raising
up men and women of God in
their government to turn around
governments even in Mexico and all
throughout South America, Father, for
supernatural revival in Venezuela
and all the corrupt places that
need revival: Guatemala and
all going through the Panama
Canal. Father, we
call revival
for them. Father, we thank you, Lord,
for a supernatural revival. It will take
place, and a harvest of souls we will see
in the name of Jesus.
Father, all through Brazil, we believe
for a
supernatural turnaround in their
government and for their people.
Lord, there's so much corruption. There
are
so many people that need help.
But, Father, the only thing that I know
that helps anybody is
you. You, Father, you are the only one
that comes through for me every day. So
Father, I thank you that you become real
to these people today all throughout
Africa, all throughout Europe, over
Russia. We call peace, even in Ukraine,
Father, that they will not have this war
anymore, that they will put a
stop to this. I know what I've seen in
the spirit, but Father, I believe we can
turn it.
You showed me a great escalation of
war, and it's trying to manifest, but
Lord, I thank you that the people
have peace.
We call peace regardless of what we see
in the spirit. We're going
to
use the word, and I believe for peace,
Father, that we can turn it. You show us
these things so we can turn it.
Some we can, I know, but I believe
that there is a lot of it we can because
you're a God of love, you're a God of
peace, and you want us to have good
things on this earth. Father, over our
leaders and over the people, Father, we
thank you.
We thank you, Father, and we consider it
done in Jesus'name concerning that.
Now, we're going to
believe, Father, for your health.
There's a lot of you that need
healing in your body, and we just prayed
and took communion. So, I
agree with you by faith that every
single one of you that has something
you're
overcoming—whether
it be a cold or a cough or a hangnail,
it doesn't
matter. All things are
possible to him who believes: over Down
syndrome,
over autism, over your minds. Father,
we pray over them in the name of
Jesus. And we thank you, Lord, for the
angels
that are going and bringing the body
parts, that are going and bringing forth
the new lungs. I pray over their lungs,
over their bodies, over their minds,
over the little five-year-old child that
has the virus that the mom's
asking for prayer—the five-year-old child
that's having issues. I pray over that
child right now, and I say a turnaround
is happening as of today in the name of
Jesus. You are healed and whole and well,
and this RSV virus—this with the
lungs and all that's going on with
this virus—I speak healing over
this child right now in the name of
Jesus. And I call the child well from
the top of the head to the soles of
their feet. And we say, "Satan, get your
hands off of these
children."And
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the
people who need lungs, the people who
need body parts, whatever they need,
Father, you have it. And I believe that
they're healed and whole and well, and
this will be a time of turnaround in
their lives in the name of Jesus. For
you said in your word, Lord, that by
your stripes they are healed. And we
call deliverance over them right now in
the name of Jesus.
We speak life over their bodies. We
speak life over their minds. We speak
life over them in the name of Jesus.
When we say you are healed and whole and well—say
it!
You've got
to
say it out of your
mouth. I hear you keep saying, "Will
you pray for me? I have this. I'm dying
of this."Your mountain needs to hear
your voice; it cannot hear mine. It has
to hear yours. I say out of my mouth, "I
am healed."I say out of my mouth, "I am
delivered."You've
got to speak it and
say it and believe it in your heart just
like you did your salvation. You've got to
believe it with all your heart: "I am
healed. I am saved. I am
delivered."I
will not walk by sight; I'm
moved by what the word says.
I'm not moving by what my flesh says.
It tries to yell really loud, ladies and
gentlemen, and fear tries to creep in,
but you've got to keep standing on the
word. And I know it's not always easy
because your flesh tries to get weary in
well-doing.
But Father, we turn it on.
We turn on our spiritual eyes to see
what you see about us—that we are
healed—and
we receive it by faith. The miracle
is
not going from preacher to preacher
asking for prayer, but
we believe what you said about us,
Lord: that you have mercy on us. Just
like Bartimaeus: "Jesus, Son of David, have
mercy on me."I receive what you have for
me. Grab a hold of it. He's already paid
the price for you to walk in victory.
It's already been done. So,
we receive the healing that we believe
for. Jesus paid the price for us, so we
believe and receive what you've already
done, Father. So thank you, Lord. And
thank you, Lord, that our marriages are
good. People want your home to be
peaceful and happy. So Father, we thank
you, Lord, that our marriages are strong,
and we pray over our children and
there's no strife in our homes. We thank
you, Lord, that the
husband
and wife have harmony and
peace, that they
love each other and they get along,
Father. And we thank you, Lord,
that they're raising their children up
in a godly home that's not full of
strife. That there's peace that passes
all understanding as they lay their head
on their pillow and go to sleep at
night. Father, we thank you, Lord, that
there's peace over their dreams and they
don't have night terrors. They're not
having bad dreams. Father, I thank you,
Lord, that there's a covering over their
sleep, Father. And we pray over their
sleep, Father, that when they lay their
head on the pillow, they sleep and sleep
soundly.
I thank you, Lord, for it. I thank you.
You said you give your beloved restful
sleep.
We continue to say that. Find
scriptures
that talk about having restful sleep and
meditate on those scriptures every day.
Read those scriptures every day and
meditate on that word every day because
that's what's going to do it. You've got
to get that inside of your
eyes all the time—that you are
meditating on the word concerning
sleep and
healing and whatever you need. He said
he sent his word and healed them;
his words are life to those that find
them and health to all their flesh.
Father, we thank you, Lord. We thank you,
Father. We thank you, Lord, for it's
done. We thank you, Lord, that all
things are possible in him who
believes.
Thank you, Father.
Lord, we thank you.
We give you praise and glory for it now
in
Jesus'name.
Glory to God.
Let the healing of the Holy Spirit flow
over you from emotional trauma. I see
somebody is being healed of emotional
trauma;
you've gone through some really hard
times.
The Lord is bringing peace to you
right now because He said in His word,
"Peace I leave with you. My peace I give
to
you."Receive
that peace today
in
Jesus'name.
It's okay to cry.
Just walk in peace.
There's peace. I call
Shalom
in the name of Jesus. Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Father.
Well, if this video blessed you today, I
really appreciate you praying with me,
y'all.
I appreciate you subscribing. It means a
lot to us. I'm telling you, you're
getting the gospel spread throughout the
whole world. You wouldn't believe
the emails we get on a day-to-day basis
now of somebody saying the videos are
helping them. It is literally
hundreds. And I just want to say all
glory to God, ladies and gentlemen,
because it's Him. It's all
Jesus. You are getting touched by Jesus.
And I'm excited that you're here today.
I'm excited that Jesus did something for
you today. If you got healed of
something, if you got saved, something
happened in you and you have something
going on in your life and you saw
turnaround in your events today, let us
know. We're excited to hear about your
testimony and what Jesus is doing.
Please
subscribe. We just appreciate it.
Like the video.
Glory to God for His presence. Glory to
God, for all things are possible
to him that believes. Glory to God, for
we have authority over the devil and
over all the things that try to
hurt us. Thank you, Father. Well, put a
smile on your face and a song in your
heart. Jesus loves you so much and we
love you, and we pray for every one of
you every day. God bless you all and
have a wonderful day and we'll see you
tomorrow. Bye-bye.